I'll write down before we start optimizing things in other back, let's try to figure out what are the
problems and what are we trying to optimize exactly.
So this was the graph that we worked in earlier, the plug ins.
So we saw how the dependency graph was maintained.
We saw how we using the back loaders to load external files.
Then we applied a couple of plug ins to optimize our build further.
Okay, so we got the Webpack output and we were also able to output multiple bundle files.
As you saw in the last section, we were outputting the index start bundle file and also the courses
are bundle for the two separate pages.
So things were looking pretty good.
So what is the next part?
The next part is going to be about code splitting.
So what is called splitting?
Well, we have seen the index start as HTML had a lot of dependencies.
It had dependencies such as low dash, bootstrap type and so on and courses.
HTML also had a couple of dependencies.
So as you can see, we had the equity validate toaster and so on and a couple of the dependencies were
actually shared.
So for example, you can see that loads has been added in both places and similar thing has been done
for bootstrap as well.
Now when the bundle was created, these dependencies are getting added in both the bundles.
So it was there in the index start bundle as well as in the courses dot bundle.
So what is called splitting?
Well, code splitting is the technique of bringing out this common dependencies into a separate bundle.
So what I mean by that is off the code, splitting our code will look something like this.
So instead of having these dependencies in both tables, we're going to be having a third build here.
So maybe something like a common dependencies.
So let me just name it as common.
And this is going to be housing all the common dependencies.
So what we are going to be having all we had is this location is going to be moved over here.
So let me just quickly fix that.
So this is going to be moved right here.
And similarly, we can see that this dependency is no more required and similar things are going to
be happening for bootstrap as well.
So bootstrap can also be brought to this entire block and we can remove bootstrap from here.
Now this common bundle ignores that.
Okay, I need to be loading both of these dependencies for both of these pages.
So instead of loading it multiple times is going to be using this common burden, and then we are going
to be injecting this common bundle into our main index start estimate.
And so it's going to be something like this.
So we have our two bundle files created, one, the common bundle and the courses bundle.
And this is going to be used in the course dart HTML file.
So in this way we are loading the dependencies only ones.
Okay.
So that is the multiple bundles.
So what are the advantages of doing this splitting, first of all?
We are going to be having multiple bundles and no need to be loading all the bundles.
We can be loading bundles only when they are required.
So that is one of the requirements.
And we also prevent duplication.
So as you saw, we are not loading the launch dependency multiple times.
And that's how we are preventing the duplication.
Okay.
And then we have the dynamic import.
Now, dynamic import is something really cool in which you only load the dependencies as and when they're
required dynamically.
And I'm not going to be covering a lot in depth right now.
When we go over to that section, we are going to be seeing a lot in depth and also with some practical
examples.
Okay.
With that said, this is about code splitting.
We can do code splitting not just for the JavaScript.
We are also going to be splitting our CSIS files into the Xs bundles, and that is also going to be
our part of the section.
All right.
So that's talked about the theory of what we're going to be implementing.
Let's take a short break and analyze our code and see exactly how we're going to be implementing all
of this.